Live code preview (#41)
contember/docs: docs/admin/components/data-grid.mdx

<DataGrid />

### Boolean cell

The `BooleanCell` component adds a column for rendering boolean value.

<BooleanCell />

### Date cell

The `DateCell` component adds a column for rendering date (including filtering by date range and sorting).

<DateCell />

### Enum cell

The `EnumCell` component adds a column for rendering enum values.

<EnumCell />

### Generic cell

The `GenericCell` component is a generic wrapper for cell content.

<GenericCell />

### Has many select cell

The `HasManySelectCell` component adds a column for rendering has many binding.

<HasManySelectCell />

### Has one select cell

The `HasOneSelectCell` component adds a column for rendering has one binding.

<HasOneSelectCell />

### Number cell

> The `NumberCell` component is a wrapper for number content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `NumberCell` component adds a column for number content.
```
